//REGEX EXPRESSION FOR CORRECT GROUPS
(james|evan|Kyler|colin).*?(james|evan|Kyler|colin).*?(james|evan|Kyler|colin).*?(james|evan|Kyler|colin)
(Loepp|Zach|Lane|Jayde|Bryan).*?(Loepp|Zach|Lane|Jayde|Bryan).*?(Loepp|Zach|Lane|Jayde|Bryan).*?(Loepp|Zach|Lane|Jayde|Bryan).*?(Loepp|Zach|Lane|Jayde|Bryan)
(Jon|Dylan|Noah|Case).*?(Jon|Dylan|Noah|Case).*?(Jon|Dylan|Noah|Case).*?(Jon|Dylan|Noah|Case)
(Ethan|Daniel|Neil|Andon).*?(Ethan|Daniel|Neil|Andon).*?(Ethan|Daniel|Neil|Andon).*?(Ethan|Daniel|Neil|Andon)

//REGEX EXPRESSION FOR CORRECT GROUPS


case colin grant kyler
case colin grant paydan
case colin kyler paydan
case grant kyler paydan
colin grant kyler paydan
case grant hunter kyler
case grant hunter paydan
case hunter kyler paydan
grant hunter kyler paydan
andon daniel ethan neil
colin evan grant james 
colin evan grant kyler
colin evan grant paydan
colin evan james kyler
colin evan james paydan
colin evan kyler paydan
colin grant james kyler
colin grant james paydan
colin james kyler paydan
evan grant james kyler
evan grant james paydan
evan grant kyler paydan
evan james kyler paydan
grant james kyler paydan
evan grant hunter james
evan grant hunter kyler
evan grant hunter paydan
evan hunter james kyler
evan hunter james paydan
evan hunter kyler paydan
grant hunter james kyler
grant hunter james paydan
hunter james kyler paydan
case dylan grant jon
case dylan grant kyler 
case dylan grant noah
case dylan jon kyler
case dylan jon noah
case dylan kyler noah
case grant jon kyler
case grant jon noah
case grant kyler noah
case jon kyler noah
dylan grant jon kyler
dylan grant jon noah
dylan grant kyler noah
dylan jon kyler noah
grant jon kyler noah
colin grant kobe kyler
colin grant kobe paydan
colin kobe kyler paydan
grant kobe kyler paydan
grant hunter kobe kyler
grant hunter kobe paydan
hunter kobe kyler paydan 
loepp bryan lane zach
loepp bryan lane jayde
loepp bryan zach jayde
loepp lane zach jayde
bryan lane zach jayde
case colin grant kyler
case colin grant paydan
case colin kyler paydan
case grant kyler paydan
colin grant kyler paydan
case grant hunter kyler
case grant hunter paydan
case hunter kyler paydan
grant hunter kyler paydan
andon daniel ethan neil
colin evan grant james
colin evan grant kyler
colin evan grant paydan
colin evan james kyler
colin evan james paydan
colin evan kyler paydan
colin grant james kyler
colin grant james paydan
colin james kyler paydan
evan grant james kyler
evan grant james paydan
evan grant kyler paydan 
evan james kyler paydan
grant james kyler paydan
evan grant hunter james
evan grant hunter kyler
evan grant hunter paydan
evan hunter james kyler
evan hunter james paydan
evan hunter kyler paydan
grant hunter james kyler
grant hunter james paydan
hunter james kyler paydan
case dylan jon noah
dylan grant jon noah
dylan jon kyler noah
colin grant kobe kyler
colin grant kobe paydan
colin kobe kyler paydan
grant kobe kyler paydan
grant hunter kobe kyler
grant hunter kobe paydan
hunter kobe kyler paydan
loepp bryan lane zach
loepp bryan lane jayde
loepp bryan zach jayde
loepp lane zach jayde
bryan lane zach jayde
case colin grant kyler
case colin grant paydan
case colin kyler paydan
case grant kyler paydan
colin grant kyler paydan
case grant hunter kyler
case grant hunter paydan 
case hunter kyler paydan
grant hunter kyler paydan
andon daniel ethan neil
colin evan grant james
colin evan james kyler
colin evan james paydan
evan grant james kyler
evan grant james paydan
evan james kyler paydan
evan grant hunter james
evan hunter james kyler
evan hunter james paydan
case dylan jon noah
dylan grant jon noah
dylan jon kyler noah
colin grant kobe kyler
colin grant kobe paydan
colin kobe kyler paydan
grant kobe kyler paydan
grant hunter kobe kyler
grant hunter kobe paydan
hunter kobe kyler paydan
loepp bryan lane zach
loepp bryan lane jayde
loepp bryan zach jayde
loepp lane zach jayde
bryan lane zach jayde
case colin grant kyler
case colin grant paydan
case colin kyler paydan
case grant kyler paydan
colin grant kyler paydan
case grant hunter kyler
case grant hunter paydan
case hunter kyler paydan
grant hunter kyler paydan 
andon daniel ethan neil
colin evan grant james
colin evan james kyler
colin evan james paydan
evan grant james kyler
evan grant james paydan
evan james kyler paydan
evan grant hunter james
evan hunter james kyler
evan hunter james paydan
case dylan jon noah
dylan grant jon noah
dylan jon kyler noah
colin grant kobe kyler
colin grant kobe paydan
colin kobe kyler paydan
grant kobe kyler paydan
grant hunter kobe kyler
grant hunter kobe paydan
hunter kobe kyler paydan

case colin grant kyler
case colin grant paydan
case colin kyler paydan
case grant hunter kyler
case grant hunter paydan
case grant kyler paydan
case hunter kyler paydan
colin grant kyler paydan
ethan andon daniel neil
grant hunter kyler paydan
james colin evan grant
james colin evan kyler 
james colin evan paydan
james evan grant hunter
james evan grant kyler
james evan grant paydan
james evan hunter kyler
james evan hunter paydan
james evan kyler paydan
jon case dylan noah
jon dylan grant noah
jon dylan kyler noah
kobe colin grant kyler
kobe colin grant paydan
kobe colin kyler paydan
kobe grant hunter kyler
kobe grant hunter paydan
kobe grant kyler paydan
kobe hunter kyler paydan